========================================================================================
                             Nitrogen welcome you!
========================================================================================

Take this seriously, this is not a joke! Your company network are encrypted and
your data has been stolen and downloaded to our servers. Ignoring this message
will result in all your data being published on our blog:
http://nitrogenczslprh3xyw6lh5xyjvmsz7ciljoqxxknd7uymkfetfhgvqd.onion

This problem can be solved:
  1. Your network and data can will be restored.
  2. Your data is stolen and stored on our server, after receive payment it will 
     be completely removed from our servers.
  3. No one is aware about the data leak from your company except you.

If you believe you can handle without us and decrypting your servers and data 
using some IT Solution from third-party specialists? They will only make
significant damage to all of your data; every encrypted file will be corrupted
forever. Only our Decryption Tool will make decryption guaranteed. Don't go to
recovery companies, they are essentially just middlemen who will make money off
you.

If you decide not to negotiate with us and find another solution.
We will make huge damage to your business by using all of our experience to make
your partners, clients, employees and whoever cooperates with your company know
about this accident and stop any partnership with you. As a result, You will
suffer great losses and you will must to pay a penalty to the state and to
compensate for lawsuits against your company. Also in case of disclosure of
information about a cyber attack and theft of confidential data of your company
your assets may fall and it will cost you several times more expensive instead
agreeing with us.

Want to go to Government for protection?
Your address them for help will only make the situation worse. They will try to
prevent you from negotiating with us, because the negotiations will make them
look weak and incompetent. After the incident report is handed over to the
government department, you receive get a penalty for this accident and leak
personal data. This will be a huge amount, you can read more about the GDRP
legislation: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_Data_Protection_Regulation/
In this situation you will not be winners anyway.

So lets get straight to the point.

After we receive your payment you will get the followings:
  -Decryption tool for all your systems.
  -Detailed penetration overview with main kill chain and security recommendations
  -Proof that we have securely deleted your data
  -Our word that we will not perform attacks on you in the future.

Now, in order to start negotiations, you need to do the following: 
  -Install Tor Browser from https://www.torproject.org/download/
  -Use Tor Browser open: 
       gjendw2d6oqjs6nxnwwuc6khpa5g5gzp7pyuiwzamalzzzk6vomm7xid.onion/quick-access/[snip]
  -If you have any problems accessing the onion site, use the qTox app to contact us.
   ToxID: 9E95D4A886F6678290331E41FED1C9C41C48554905087DEA05E78C8254905C0CB5B705141297


If you do not contact us within 3 days, we will begin publishing your data on all
social networks.
========================================================================================
